I thank the authors for the long answer to my previous report. In the
following places, the changes in the paper do not really help clarify
some of the issues raised in the earlier report(s).

1) Linewidths, degeneracy, and uncertainties of the fit

The authors persist in claiming that 'linewidths are not physically
relevant for the following discussion,' despite the fact that linewidths
are crucial for deriving a relevant fit. This is clear from lines
312-316, which show that no fit can be derived with linewidths fitted on
a per-mode basis. The authors have also shown that the fit does not
converge when individual heights are left free. This means that authors
had to significantly reduce the number of degrees of freedom, so that
the fitting process could (artificially) divide single peaks in two
modes: a quadrupolar component and a radial or dipolar component.

This illustrates the difficulty of obtaining a reliable result when all
the peaks are degenerate. Thus the method chosen by the authors provides
a solution which is uncertain. As a result, uncertainties, as currently
presented, are significnatly underestimated. This strongly strains the
identification of quadrupole modes: these modes are certainly present,
but with much larger uncertainties than claimed by the authors.
Uncertainties on dipole modes are also affected.

So, on this point, the authors need to properly account for the effect
of degeneracy, and explicitly alert readers that their identification of
the oscillation spectrum is possible, but uncertain. They also have to
revise the uncertainties.

2) No evidence for differential rotation
The authors persist in claiming a 'weak evidence for rotational shear.'
All the rotation rates agree within 1-sigma (Figure 8), so that deriving
any evidence of differential rotation, even weak, is not at all a
significant finding. A 1-sigma difference (and certainty less than 1
sigma, since sigma is underestimated) cannot support a detection. Nearly
flat rotation (which is an interesting result) is as probable as
differential rotation.

Before publication, the authors need to remove claims of a weak
detection of differential rotation or rotational shear.

3) Section 4 'Discussion'

The authors should move Section 2.4 toward the beginning of a (new)
section "Discussion," for the sake of clarity.
The limited changes in the current Section 4 did not improve clarity:
- In Section 4.3, Equation 10 remains cryptic, with undefined terms.
- Figure 12 is not analyzed in a clear way (not to mention inconsistent
presentation: at line 1241, the vertical line indicates a notional
rotation period of 100 d, but the caption indicates that this line
corresponds to nu_max.

I reiterate my recommendation to split the paper in two parts, to allow
for a clearer presentation of all elements introduced in Section 4. If
not split off, a short paragraph introducing Section 4 should be added.
